DataDog-friendly OpenTelemetry metadata (#43)
primait/prima_ex_logger: README.md

## Supported options

- **level** (atom): minimum level to log

- **encoder** (module): JSON encoder, default Jason. Tested with Jason, Poison and JSX

- **type** (string): app name

- **environment** (atom): current environment

- **metadata** (list): custom metadata to append to every log, default `[]`.

>   Note that this has a different meaning that Logger's `metadata` option, which is used to indicate what metadata keys to keep instead!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  Note that this has a different meaning than Logger's `metadata` option, which is used to indicate what metadata keys to keep instead!
```

- **opentelemetry_metadata (`:datadog | :opentelemetry | :detailed | :none | :raw`)**: automatically adds distributed tracing information to logs metadata. This can be used to correlate logs across services exploiting the distributed tracing infrastructure.

  The value indicates the "format" of the opentelemetry metadata to use:
    - `:raw`: leaves the opentelemetry metadata generated by the opentelemetry sdk intact and doesn't change it any way.
      Not recommended because these are serialized to quite useless list of integers.
      All other options will remove the opentelemetry SDK metadata from the logs, but will use it to compute the equivalents in other formats.
    - `:datadog`: sets `dd.trace_id` and `dd.span_id` as per the [DataDog doc on connecting OpenTelemetry Traces and Logs](https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/other_telemetry/connect_logs_and_traces/opentelemetry).
    This is the default and will allow you to use the extremely useful log / APM correlation features of DataDog.
    - `:opentelemetry`: sets `otel.trace_id`, `otel.span_id` and `otel.trace_flags'` using the OpenTelemetry hex-encoded TraceId/SpanId formats.
    - `:detailed`: sets both of the above

>     - `none`: No automatic opentelemetry-related metadata at all in the produced logs. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - `:none`: No automatic opentelemetry-related metadata at all in the produced logs. 
```

  Note that, for this functionality to work, your project must depend on `:opentelemetry_api` >= 1.1 and have functioning opentelemetry instrumentation,
  for example by using [prima_opentelemetry_ex](https://github.com/primait/prima_opentelemetry_ex).

- **metadata_serializers** (list): custom serializers for structs found in metadata, default `[]`

>     - example: `[{Decimal, to_string}]`, will invoke `Decimal.to_string/1` when a `Decimal` struct is found among metadata

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - example: `[{Decimal, to_string}]`, will invoke `Decimal.to_string/1` when a `Decimal` struct is found in the metadata
```

>     - example: `[{Decimal, &Kernel.to_string/1}]`, will invoke `Kernel.to_string/1` when a `Decimal` struct is found among metadata

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    - example: `[{Decimal, &Kernel.to_string/1}]`, will invoke `Kernel.to_string/1` when a `Decimal` struct is found in the metadata
```
